(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(ominous music begins)
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
the Digital World.
Tai Kamiya and the rest
of the Digi-Destined
journey onward to a new
stage in their adventure,
along with their
loyal Digimon partners
and then one day...
Incoming!
(laughs) Can you handle
the heat, Gabumon?
You bet I can, crank it up!
(Agumon shouts)
Oh yeah.
(both exclaim)
Sora?
I'm ready.
(Tai grunts)
(Sora grunts)
-Goal! (laughs)
-(whistle blows)
Nice hustle, that was awesome!
It's only because your crosses
are always so accurate, Tai.
Look alive, Agumon!
Oh yeah!
(Agumon exclaims)
Come to mama!
[Biyomon] Come on, we
can't let her score again!
[Tentomon] You got that right.
Incoming!
Hey, now wait a second.
-Knock that off!
-(whistle blows)
[Tentomon] What did I do?
That was a total foul! Hands?
[Tentomon] I don't have hands.
It's one of the rules.
You are not allowed to
hold people in soccer.
[Tentomon] Wait, I thought
we were playing football.
This whole soccer thing
is very complicated.
You gotta keep your
eye on the ball.
This means I get a free kick
from where I'm standing now.
Better watch out!
Here I go!
-(Ikkakumon groans)
-(whistle blows)
(Joe sighs)
[Joe] What a pleasant sound.
Where did we find a whistle
out in this wilderness?
[Joe] I brought it.
It was in this runaway duffel
that my brother gave me.
Cool.
But if one's trying to run
away, why bring a whistle?
Uh well, you know, you
might run into a wild bear
and need a way to call for help.
Tai and Sora keep on winning.
They're a great combo.
(Kari agrees)
Those two are the top players
at the school soccer club.
Can you tell?
Their teamwork makes
them unstoppable.
That ball's never
coming this way.
(whistle blows)
How about we stop
and take a breather?
Feels great to get
some games in, huh?
Having fun, Tai?
-(Tai agrees)
-(Sora giggles)
Huh?
(all exclaim)
(Digimon exclaim)
(ominous music begins)
[Sora] Well that's new.
A floating island?
No way.
It's gigantic.
Hey guys, is that
thing gonna fall on us?
What are those?
[Izzy] Grenades or bombs?
(Joe screams)
[Joe] Everybody run,
hide, take cover!
(object explodes)
(all exclaim)
What are those things?
They flew down so fast.
A meteor?
A fallen star?
Hold up. (sniffs)
(sniffs) I think my
nose is telling me
there's something
delicious nearby.
What is it?
Maybe some kind of fruit?
Definitely looks like one.
(Agumon sniffs)
(Tai exclaims)
It's yummy!
[Biyomon] I wanna try some too.
One measly fruit isn't enough
for everybody to share.
That's a good point.
If we could get up
to that island,
maybe we could find more.
Me and Tai are gonna bring
back a whole feast of fruit.
Isn't that right, buddy?
Sounds good to me, let's do it.
You better count us in.
[Biyomon] Biyomon
digivolve to...
Birdramon!
We'll be back in a bit.
Catch you later!
(all exclaim)
[Mimi] We'll be waiting!
[Palmon] And we'll be hungry!
Hm? What in the...?
The sky's dropping a
lot of stuff today.
Here's hoping this
fruit is even fruitier.
Yeah!
(all exclaim)
[All] A refrigerator?
[Sora] Hit the gas, Birdramon!
My stomach's rumbling.
[Birdramon] Right there with ya.
(Sora giggles)
[Sora] Yummy,
yummy, in my tummy.
-I can't wait to chow down.
-Man, someones in
a good mood.
I guess I am, I'm
just so pumped!
It's been a while
since we played soccer.
Really gets you going, huh?
(Sora giggles)
Yeah, it's fun.
By the way, remember that game?
Huh?
When I played forward
and you played midfielder
for the very first time?
We were amazing.
Yeah, I remember.
Talk about a flashback.
I hope we can play lots
of soccer together again,
just like we used to.
Couldn't get us
away from the field,
before we came to
the Digital World.
It's been way too long.
From now on, we should
squeeze more practice in.
Deal.
(Pomumon cries)
You hear that?
Look, straight ahead!
It's a swarm.
They're Flymon!
-We've gotta help it!
-Help 'em, Agumon!
Pepper...
Hold on a sec. If you do that,
you'll hit the little one too.
Okay, Birdramon, take 'em down!
-[Birdramon] Happy to.
-(heroic music begins)
-(Birdramon exclaims)
-(Flymon screeches)
(Pompumon exclaims)
Hey, you okay?
Please do something.
Those meanies are
gonna turn my friends
into fruit and
gobble them all up!
That's horrible!
What was that?
Watch out!
You get hit, then you'll
melt into nothing!
You be careful, okay Birdramon?
[Birdramon] Will do!
(Birdramon exclaims)
Where is that laser coming from?
It's not a laser,
it's Toropiamon's
Tropical Venom attack.
So it's a Digimon?
(Pompumon agrees)
(ominous music continues)
(Birdramon exclaims)
(Pompumon 2 shouts)
(all exclaim)
Oh wow, guess you
weren't kidding around.
That's horrifying.
So does this mean that
all of those fruits
are actually your friends?
[Pompumon] Yeah.
[Agumon] Uh, they
look totally different
than the one I ate
before, just saying.
They took all my friends and
now I'm the only one left.
What am I gonna do?
All right then.
Let's find a place to land
and figure out our next move.
[Mimi] So what are we
gonna do with this thing?
[Matt] We open it and
see what's inside.
No way, that's a terrible idea!
We'd be in a real
pickle if something
dangerous came out of there!
That is a possibility,
fair point.
Just relax, you guys.
It's a refrigerator so I
bet it's full of treats,
like more fruit or even
some ice, cold juice.
Fruits and juice...
That sounds good.
[Tai] Whoa, it's like
a junkyard out here.
Old machines like
these have been
falling from the sky lately.
Out of the sky?
My friends and I
have been living here
in peace for as long
as I can remember
and then they came,
an army of Flymon
with a big Toropiamon
leading the way.
Next thing you knew you
were being attacked.
(Pompumon agrees)
They snatch every little thing
they can get their claws on.
They aren't any ordinary
hunters, though.
I mean, you saw
what they did to us.
They catch you...
Once you're ripe...
That's when they eat you.
(Pompumon agrees)
They're heartless.
But still, I wanna
save everybody.
This is my home.
I have to take it back
from those monsters.
And we'll help you, right?
We all in?
You know it.
We'll get your
friends back for sure.
They'll be sorry
they messed with you.
Thank you, you
guys are the best.
You ready?
Always.
Biyomon, digivolve to...
Birdramon!
[Agumon] Agumon digivolve to...
Greymon!
Greymon digivolve to...
MetalGreymon!
Okay, you ready?
Yeah.
I told you, fruit punch is in
a totally different
category from juice!
(Joe, Izzy and Mimi
speak over each other)
You guys, enough!
We need to calm down here, okay?
I am in a perfectly
tranquil mood, mister!
You calm down.
[MetalGreymon] Here
we go, Giga Storm!
Bullseye, great shot!
(ominous music continues)
Don't love that!
Man, it's fast.
[Birdramon] Meteor Wing!
(Birdramon screams)
[MetalGreymon] Birdramon, no!
(MetalGreymon screams)
(Tai and MetalGreymon scream)
(Sora whimpers)
[Birdramon] MetalGreymon!
Is that Tai?
What did you just do to Tai?
[Birdramon] Birdramon,
digivolve to...
Garudamon!
I don't know how
yet, but I'm gonna
rescue Tai and Pompumon!
In the meantime, keep Toropiamon
on their toes, Garudamon!
You know I will.
You don't have to
carry me, I can fly.
Are you sure?
I know I can do it.
(wings flap quickly)
(Garudamon shouts repeatedly)
(wings continue
flapping quickly)
Okay, maybe this is tougher
than I thought it'd be.
(Pompumon screams)
Careful, buddy!
Oof.
(Pompumon groans)
[Sora] Are you all right?
Yeah, I'm gonna
save all my friends
no matter what it takes.
That's what I like to hear.
Now let's get move on.
It's Flymon.
(Pompumon screams)
There's still one left?
[Garudamon] Wing Blade!
What?
Ah!
(Garudamon groans)
Hurry, Sora!
I can take care of
this jerk by myself.
You'd better hurry along and
find your pals right away.
What? But how am I gonna-
Go, I believe in you!
(whistle blows)
Over here!
(whistle blows repeatedly)
(ominous music continues)
You're alive!
Are you the one who
saved me just now?
(Pompumon agrees)
Thank you so much!
But now we need to save
everybody else too.
Can you help me?
(Pompumon 2 agrees)
But uh...
Being up in the
air is exhausting.
Tell me about it.
[Garudamon] Wing Blade!
(lasers fire)
-[Child Tai] Here, Sora!
-(emotional music begins)
On it, Tai!
Oh no!
What did you just do to Tai?
(Child Tai groans)
I'm gonna save Tai, I'll
always have his back.
Ah!
(Sora groans repeatedly)
Hey Sora, start running!
Don't think about it, just go!
Just hang on Tai.
This isn't over yet.
Sora!
I know you.
You would never give up now
so neither will I.
(heroic music begins)
[Garudamon] Sora
would never give up...
There's no way,
so neither will I!
(Garudamon grunts and
shouts repeatedly)
Wing Blade!
Tai, I've got you.
[Pompumon] Rapid Seed!
(heroic music continues)
(Sora giggles)
Look, I was able to rescue
my friends after all!
And now it's my turn.
What a relief.
Thought we lost you there.
Thanks Sora.
Think it's time we
settled the score?
[Sora] You know it,
hope you're ready.
You bet.
(MetalGraymon growls)
(Toropiamon roars)
We need to stop
that attack somehow.
Hey.
Why don't we use this?
This thing? Really?
Here, Sora!
(Child Sora grunts)
(whistle blows)
I get you now!
Well, let's go.
Here!
(Sora shouts)
Now get that seed, everybody!
Rapid Seed!
(Pompumon's spit seeds)
[MetalGreymon] That's
right, give up.
[Garudamon] Wing Blade!
[MetalGreymon] Giga Storm!
(everyone cheers)
Nice work.
You were awesome
out there, Sora.
(Sora giggles)
Oh, I don't know.
Please, you were great.
(Tai agrees)
Couldn't have done it
without you. (giggles)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia.
Marinangemon!
This mythical Digimon can
be found in the Net Ocean.
It's special attack
is called Ocean Love
and it crushes the
enemy's will to fight.
Let's check this out.
The ring that Marinangemon
wears on its neck
is identical to Gatomon's,
but it's just not just
some fashion accessory.
What's the truth
behind this ring?
I'm gonna go look for
Marinangemon and ask them!
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] A mysterious
theme park shrouded in mist.
Will TK and Patamon survive
the horrors that lie ahead?
[Tai] Next time,
Mon-Mon Park in the Fog.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.